Update smoke tests documentation (#1504)
microsoft/vscode-react-native: test/smoke/docs/run-locally.md

|Variable|Examples|Explanation|
|---|---|---|
|`ANDROID_EMULATOR`|`Nexus_5X_API_29`|Name of the emulated device|
|`ANDROID_VERSION`|10|Version of Android installed on emulated device|
|`IOS_SIMULATOR`|`iPhone8`|(**Only for iOS tests**) Name of the simulated device|
|`IOS_VERSION`|14.4|(**Only for iOS tests**) Version of iOS on the simulated device|
|`CODE_VERSION`|`*`, `1.50.1`, `insiders`|Version of VS Code to download and run while running tests|
|`EXPO_XDL_VERSION` (optional)|`59.0.14`, `skip`|Version of @expo/xdl package to install to the extension directory. If set to "skip" then package installation will be skipped|
|`EXPO_SDK_MAJOR_VERSION` (optional)|`40`, `skip`|Version of `expo-sdk` for Expo applications. If set to "skip" then the latest `expo-sdk` version will be used|

> |`RN_VERSION` (optional)|`0.64.0-rc.2`, `skip`|Version of a React Native application to debug while running tests. If set to "skip" then the latest version will be installed|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`RN_VERSION` (optional)|`0.63.4`, `skip`|Version of a React Native application to debug while running tests. If set to "skip" then the latest version will be installed|
```
